all right you ever seen super shiny
crazy expensive rims on a cheap car
that's kind of what this movie is it's
got a great cast I don't know how they
got all of them to be in this movie it's
pretty much directed by a stuntman but
like unlike to John wick movies that
were also held by a stuntman it's dudes
actually this was this was a streamit
let me explain so we got the epitome of
black look Brian over here living in
Chicago he works for a guy who he thinks
is his friend but really they're just
using him since they're a pharmaceutical
company who's got to make trips to
Mexico they don't want to make them they
always sent him Joe's cancelling this
man's insurance policy in case something
bad happens just to save money
adjectives what he's doing to his wife
until one day when he's in Mexico he
decides to make up his own kimmy schmitt
kidnapping belt like these two are jerks
so I don't even care you know a Taco
Bell the problem that they're all facing
in the movie is that since they're
running this pharmaceutical company and
they're making illegal stuff since I got
a little medical marijuana pill is that
they're manufacturing it in Mexico and
thus the cartels gonna get involved so
not only do you have these two who've
been skimming and running a bad business
you ain't got old Chapel jr. over here
who's going by the Black Panther just so
this movie can pop out more on Google
and then this random dude who's being
sent over to steal the pills along with
a man to save free to reverse Heisenberg
dumb and then Oh yellow who's just he
keeps getting all green go and everyone
thinks he's the boss I found some things
interesting in this movie since there's
not there's not too much to talk about
one it's that this is Michael Jackson's
daughter right here and it turns out
that not only this is a first role but
she's a pretty good actress I would say
to this dude right here trying to get it
on which her lease throughout the entire
movie is the mall fall from Ferris
Bueller all perved up and three Mashhad
roots in the director is actually joel
edgerton is brother so i guess that
explains the cast jones brother in the
movie however is sharlto copley who dude
Zoe's on something I swear he's like a
honeycomb mascot but brought to life in
everything that he's in he used to be an
assassin so he goes to Mexico to rescue
Harold gets assassinated himself and it
turns out that the limo driver Harold's
been meeting with all the time the guy
who's really nice is a DEA agents so
after the kidnappings after the
shootouts
after the Mean Girl Limoges
sixty degrees and there's a 30% chance
it's already raining trust me I have
good instincts the agent gets enough
info to shut down the company with
everything Harold gave them by the end
of it short movie cartel ends up in jail
guitar guys in jail
Joel's in jail Charlie's gets a
promotion since it's 2018 and even
though the whole movies about how Harold
sticks out like a sore thumb he opens up
a bar and starts a new life but what the
movie really leaves us with is a bigger
question than that and that's is
standing in a house like is she a robot
cuz this woman seriously does not age
thank you guys for checking out this
video again this is a it's a small there
was not a lot to say about it I'm
curious to know if you want you to let
me know your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you too can win a
trip to Mexico